Update developer-documentation.md (#1428)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/welcome-developers/developer-documentation.md

  - getting_started
---

<!-- content might be reworked -->

For our developer community, we offer a variety of sources to quickly get started or to dig deeper into the matter. Learn how to develop and deploy applications on top of our IoT platform and integrate IoT data sources.

### Concepts {#concepts}

If you are new to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}, you might want to learn about the architecture, technical concepts and domain models behind {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

The <a href="/concepts/introduction/">Technical concepts</a> section serves as a god starting point for anyone technically interested in our IoT platform.

### Step-by-step instructions {#step-by-step-instructions}

Check out the following sections if you are looking for step-by-step instructions to specific topics from the developer perspective:

  - [Integration tutorials](/device-integration/integration-tutorials) - Integrate a Raspberry Pi or Revolution Pi device using thin-edge.io.
  - [Device integration using MQTT](/device-integration/mqtt) - Integrate devices using the MQTT protocol.
  - [Device integration using REST](/device-integration/rest) - Integrate devices using REST.
<br><br>

>   - [Web SDK](/web/) - Extend applications with your own plugins, add your own applications or implement further functionalities tailored to your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Web SDK](/web/) - Extend applications with your own plugins, add your own applications or implement additional functionality tailored to your use case.
```

while not wrong (according to the internet), i prefer the "mass noun" treatment for "functionality".
